INSERT INTO exercise(exercise_id, exercise_name, exercise_description, exercise_picture, workout_type_id)
VALUES (1, 'Wide Grip Chest Press', 'Lie with your back flat on the floor or on a weight bench. Place your feet flat on the floor with your knees bent. Hold a dumbbell in each hand. Place your arms in a cactus formation, so each arm is at a 90-degree angle with your hands about 3 inches wider than your shoulders. Start with your elbows bent. As you exhale, press the dumbbells straight above your chest. Inhale as you bring both dumbbells down in a controlled motion to the starting position', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 1),
	(2, 'Lat pull-down', 'Begin to pull the bar down toward your chest, bending your elbows and pointing them toward the floor. Engage your upper back and mid-back throughout the move. Keep your torso straight, and don’t allow yourself to lean back', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 2),
	(3, 'Incline Bicep Curl', 'Sit on an incline bench and hold a dumbbell in each hand at arms length. Use your biceps to curl the dumbbell until it reaches your shoulder, then lower them back down to your side and repeat', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 4),
	(4, 'Leg Extension', 'Sit in a leg extension machine with your ankles against the lower pad. Use your quads to push forwards and straighten your legs in front of you, then return to the start position', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 3),
	(6, 'Dragon Flag', 'Lie back on the bench with your hands holding the bench behind your head. Bring your knees up to your chest and kick out to the ceiling, raising your body with just your shoulders on the bench. Keep your body straight and as you slowly move down. Youll not only feel the burn in your abs but in your lower back too', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 8),
	(8, 'Pull-Ups', 'Stand directly underneath a pull-up bar, then jump up and grip it with an overhand, wide grip. By wide grip, your hands should be further than shoulder-width apart. When youre ready, exhale and pull your shoulders back and down to lift your chin over the bar. Your elbows should drop down to hoist your upper body up. Squeeze your muscles at the top, then slowly release and drop back to a dead hang', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 7),
	(7, 'Shoulder Press', 'Stand tall with your feet hip-width apart and hold a pair of dumbbells in front of your shoulders with your elbows tucked in and palms facing each other. Keeping your core engaged and back flat, press the weights directly above your shoulders until your arms are straight and your biceps are next to your ears. Pause, then lower the weights back to the starting position', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 6),
	(5, 'Dumbbell Shoulder Press', 'For Seated: Grip the dumbbells in the center of the knurling and place them on the end of the legs, then proceed to kick one up at a time to assume a starting position. Pack the lats, brace the torso, then press upwards keeping the elbows under the center of the dumbbells. Lockout with the dumbbell heads nearly touching, but not bumping one another, then proceed to lower them back to their starting positions', 'https://picsum.photos/200', 5);